Spending time with highly functioning people creates anxiety within my mind. I think the issue stems that in interaction, seeing the gap between the way people like this function, and comparing it to myself makes me feel like I'm in a deep pit looking up at an impossible Climb. The topics they converse over, the way they schedule their time, the way in which they remember people, relations, and world events, seems like a mystery and a distant memory to the way I feel my brain used to function. 

To some degree comparison is a quick trip to unhappiness. However, comparison also drives understanding. I strive to understand the difference between my understanding and those who I admire. This, and a strong feeling of nostalgia, makes me feel like there is a missing piece in me that I want to build upon.

Th

Bringing back childlike wonder, the ability to explore without angst, and to focus on a single topic / thread-- it's something that is quite important to me. To do so I feel I need to define what this means, and where I feel I am lost. Firstly, my use of technology. Though there was a lot of brain rot to be consumed in the form of iFunny, reddit, and youtube, there was also a fundamental difference as to how this media was harmful to the brain. At the time, there was no desire to rapidly switch between contexts. One social media post could captivate for 30 minutes. IFunny could give you 20 featured posts, but after this, you're on your own to scroll. There was no algorithm behind the scenes controlling your attention. 