## Deep Work
___
### Focus Sprints
#### Topic
- 
#### Sprints
- Sprint: 
	Goal: 
	Time Spent: 
	Notes: 
	- 
#### Notes
- 
#### Artifacts
- 
___
## Articles Read
- 

## Interesting Links
___ 
- 

## Journal
___
In a digital age it is hard to keep your focus. In a ep. 298 of Cal Newport's *Deep Questions* podcast, Newport provides historical examples of how our mode of information consumption radically changes how our brains see the world. This idea resonates with my inability to focus or pursue goals. Instead of blindly shaking my fist at the digital age, I instead sat without distraction for 5 minutes, and instead of wanting to scroll on my phone, I decided I would take the step to explore ideas expressed by Newport.

Newport explores some interesting ideas around finding motivation in your life, alluding to a chain of thinking which will allow for deeper meaning. In this chain of thinking, he outlines the first step to be putting devices out of site. This technique inspired me to write this journal entry. When I put my computer aside, my brain immediately though of my phone- then my laptop- then games- but not a book; the best I got was writing about this problem. The next step is the consumption of knowledge. He argues that this consumption is important in that it provides various, deep viewpoints of the world. Unlike shallow content, theses viewpoints raise deep emotional connections at times. This intuition, however, is incomplete with step 3: analysis of values. Understanding what, from these sources, resonates with oneself, helps elucidate what one's values are. In analyzing the experiences of others, you then can explore what you value in your life. This is a *Life Centric Plan*

I want to explore Newport's idea of a Life Centric Plan, where one asks, "what do I actually want in certain parts of my life?" or "what is the image I want to build?" by first looking back and observing what my values have been in the past. I often get nostalgic about my past often when I cannot find solutions in the present, but rarely do I analyze these issues on paper. So here goes: what did I value, where did it bring me, and how has that changed?

### Elementary School
In elementary school, I loved games, reading, and discovery. The game I definitely played the most was Minecraft. Defined only by the constraints of the player logic of the world, Minecraft provides a pristine environment filled with the heart's desire. I easily got lost in the ability to build to your hearts content. But I remember there's more. It was the desire to discover and learn, to turn that next chapter in your journey through an artificial world that was key to its siren song. Minecraft was a limitless platform with ever-growing promises of fun. 

I wasn't just in it for the love of the game- I spent much of my time reading. I remember getting lost in comic books for hours on end, sitting in the living room, wrapped up in a blanket. I could easily fall into a complex plot, learning every character's name, knowing their story. I was invested in the well-being of well-written protagonist, who was both lovable and flawed, relatable and ideal at once. I could feel myself wrapped up in their worlds, spending 30 minutes at a time on the john, not scrolling the tok, but instead being sucked into a good piece of fiction. I was driven by a love and passion for stories, and the emotions I felt from their tales.

### Middle School
Come middle school, the restriction of time grew, like a belt cinching one loop tighter. Zero-period started at 7:28 AM- I remember vividly my routine: get up at 6:20 (at earliest), eat breakfast for twenty minutes. Then, run upstairs, brush my teeth, fix my hair, and put on real clothes. Once I was packed and dressed, i'd put on some good music, lock in, and sprint on my bike to school as fast as possible. This was perhaps the best way to start the day feeling out of breath, motivated, and exposed to shockingly cold air before my day even started. Clearly, I was motivated. I loved school. I loved learning about topics, engaging in activities, figuring out how to get things right. It was always a breeze, and a